Clean up fizzbuzz. (#115)
ferrous-systems/rust-exercises: exercise-book/src/fizzbuzz.md

```rust
// 1.
let s = "Fizz".to_string();

let i = 4;
let s = i.to_string();

// 2. 
let s = format!("Fizz");

let i = 4;
let s = format!("{}", i);
```

> We'll cover these in more detail later, but either can be used to convert string literals (`"hello"`) and integers (`123`) into values of type `String`, which is all you'll need here. We'll use the latter in our examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'll cover these in more detail later, but either can be used to convert string literals (`"hello"`) and integers (`123`) into values of type `String`, which is all you'll need here. We'll use `format!` in our examples. It's flexible and equally efficient as other methods.
```
